Episode 117: The Old Master






An old man who suddenly tried to recruit me as his disciple.

Yeah.

No matter how you looked at it, he was suspicious.

Thinking so, I gave him a slight bow and tried to walk past, only for the drunk old man to say, "Now, hold on."


"Look carefully at my face."


His voice was slurred with drink, yet his eyes alone were strangely clear.

I stopped and stared at his face for a moment.

His face was red.

I established that he was drunk.


The old man waited for my reaction for a while, but eventually his cheeks reddened a little more and he smiled shyly.

　

"Oh? So you finally noticed, did ya?"


...Who is this old man?

Could he be some celebrity?


"I'm just a country bumpkin. Sorry, but I don't know who you are."


I said it honestly.

There was no point in lying.

For a moment, the old man's smile stopped, and his shoulders slumped just a little.

　

"...Oh? Is that so..."

　

No sooner had he said that than he tipped back the bottle and took a swig--

no, half the thing in one go.

His throat gulped loudly, and a little liquor spilled from his mouth.

　

"Pwah..."


Between the way he drank and the way he carried himself, it was hard to tell whether he was some famous figure or just a drunk old man.


"Honestly, do young folk these days not know me...? What a sorry state. Fine, then. I'll tell ya my name too."

　

Grumbling all the while, he took another drink.

In my mind, the theory that he was a drunk man convinced he was famous was gaining traction fast.


But the next words shook that idea, at least a little.


"I am--Rowan of the Ten Thousand Blades, master of every martial art under the sun. That's who!"


The drunk old man--Mr. Rowan--puffed out his chest and grinned as if to say, Well? What do you think of that?


It meant nothing to me.

Even hearing the name, nothing came to mind.

But the people around us reacted very differently.

A pocket of open space had formed around me and Rowan.

Since the drunk old man was speaking loudly, the people nearby seemed to have pricked up their ears.

And going by those reactions, this drunk old man was apparently a very big deal.


"Ten Thousand Blades... that's a legend."

"If we're talking aliases, he's also called the Undecaying Sheath and the Old Man of Remaining Mind."

"I heard the old Legends are supposed to be passing on their techniques to promising young people... But don't tell me he's going to take that masked guy as a disciple!"


The murmur spread.

Through all of it, Rowan only smiled carelessly.

...He really does have a lot of aliases.

I quietly asked Lumiela, who was hidden nearby under invisibility, through telepathy:

　

'Hey, do you know "Ten Thousand Blades"? Even if it's just something you happened to hear in some town somewhere.'

　

'No. But he definitely doesn't seem like an ordinary drunk person.'

　

'...Yeah, that's what I figured.'


Wryly smiling, I turned back toward the old man.

　

"Sorry, but I don't know you. Still, I get that you're someone impressive."



--------------------------------------------------

　

　

"...Y-you don't know me?... I see..."

　

Mr. Rowan fell silent for a while.

Then he gave a little shrug and tipped the bottle back again.

His throat worked as he drank it down all at once, as though pouring away his sadness.


Then he abruptly shouted, "Anyway!"

Energetic old man.

　

"I'm amazing!"

　

"Uh-huh."


When I gave that utterly flat reply, Rowan continued without caring.


"The people above me told me, 'Teach the young ones.' At first I refused, y'see, but the other old codgers and hags were all fired up about it. In the end, I got dragged into it too."


"So that's why you want to take me as a disciple?"


"Exactly!"


"The people around here keep gossiping about you, so you're strong, right? Well, from the look of it, your footwork is clumsy. And you don't seem to have much technique either. But you also aren't some beanpole mage. Which means--you're making it work through raw physical ability, aren't ya?"


Oh.

That was surprisingly sharp.

I used plenty of magic, sure, but otherwise he was right.

In fact, my technique really was only barely above complete amateur level, and it was true that I often just forced things through with my body.


"...That's right."


"Ho ho ho, I knew it!"


Rowan puffed out his chest proudly and laughed heartily, breathing out liquor-scented air.


"And if I become your disciple, I can learn that sort of technique?"


"Exactly, exactly. With me, it'll happen in no time. So? What d'you say? If I take responsibility for even one person, the higher-ups stop nagging me and I'm happy! And you get stronger, so you're happy too. Everyone wins! Gahahaha!"


Technique, huh.

My technique was rock bottom to begin with, so at least there was nowhere to go but up.

I didn't think it'd go quite that smoothly, but in the beginning people did tend to improve fast.

Maybe having some technique really would help.

I wasn't going after the Holy Sword yet, and even after getting it, I had no intention of challenging the Demon King right away unless I had a real chance at winning.

I had some time.

And if a famous master was willing to teach me, then it wasn't a bad offer.


"What about payment? Should I pay you money or something?"


"Nah, I don't need anythi-- no, wait."

　

His face suddenly turned serious as he stared at the liquor bottle.

　

"Get me booze. I can't live without booze."


"..."


No, seriously, what is this guy?

Less a strong man than just an addict.


"Cheap stuff is fine. Ale, cheap wine, anything. I'll teach ya while I'm drinking. Efficient, right?"

　

"...I see."

　

I almost laughed.

Without the mask, he might've seen the expression on my face, so that was close.


At that moment, Lumiela's voice rang in my head.

　

'Do you think he can really teach you? His eyes are barely even focused.'

　

'...Even so, he figured out I was an amateur.'

　

'That's true. Well, there's no harm in having the basics of swordsmanship. Brave... all you do is swing wildly.'

　

'Ugh... you don't have to be so blunt. Anyway, I thought it might be worth learning at least a little.'

　

'Then why not make sure he's really a master first? Have him cut something, maybe.'

　

'Good point.'


I nodded and held my sword out to Rowan.

He looked puzzled.

　

"Before I become your disciple, would you mind showing me your skill, Master Rowan? I want to learn the sword, so... with the sword."


Rowan lightly shook the bottle to check how much was left, then set it down on the floor.

After that, he accepted my sword.

　

"Hah hah, now that's a fine blade! Very well, I'll show ya. The sharpness of Rowan of the Ten Thousand Blades!"


At those words, he smoothly drew the sword from its sheath.

I watched with a flutter of anticipation, wondering what kind of masterful display he was about to show me.
