Abelia's Mission (2)







With screams behind her, Abelia immediately broke into a run.


The smell of blood and iron.

Every time the sound of someone being cut down echoed behind her, her shoulders twitched on reflex.

But she had no time to stop.

While everyone was engrossed in their prey, this was the perfect chance to act.


Keeping her eyes on her surroundings, she moved quickly.

Humans were sprawled across the ground everywhere.

There were also figures lurking like shadows.


Yes...

this place truly was dangerous.


A woman of unknown sort was leaning against a wall, elegantly drinking tea while brushing back her hair with slender fingers.

"Oh dear, it seems I've run out of tea. I suppose that means it's time to hunt."

She murmured that, and the next instant a beastly growl rose from the back of her throat.


"Uuh... aaah... gii... gaaahhh!!"


Dropped to all fours like an animal, tearing the hem of her luxurious dress as she went, she let out a savage roar. Her eyes glowed red as she kicked off the ground and went straight for the knights' throats.


Then Abelia noticed a man dancing in frenzy.


"..."


He danced in silence.

Then he slowly drew a finger across his neck toward the knights fighting back, and lunged at them.


Another man, one whose brutal look was made all the worse by the way the whites of his eyes were constantly showing, suddenly let out a bellow.


"Huh!? Oraaa! Oraoraoraaa!!"


For some reason, everything he shouted started with ora.

And then--

the mob of madness came flooding down on the knights.


It was a horrifying sight.

Abelia took in the face of each person for only a moment at a time.

Somewhere among them might be one of the people she was searching for.


No--

perhaps they had already been dragged away somewhere, just like the demon-instructor knight.

They were probably dead. But however small the chance, she couldn't rule out the possibility that they were being held somewhere instead.


Impatience scorched her chest. Her feet naturally sped up.

She did not want to go in too deep.

She had walked through Area 3 for a while in search of her targets. It was the bare minimum as a reconnaissance mission, but it would have to do.


This place really is complete trash...


She had only just let that thought slip through her mind when it happened.


"What's wrong over there?"


A voice rang out--clear and bright enough to seem completely out of place.

Abelia stopped short and turned instinctively toward it.


There was a single girl there, running toward her.

She wore a one-piece dress, and her pale cherry-pink hair fluttered in the wind. Her light crimson eyes looked straight at Abelia, and a soft smile rested on her cheeks.

In this ruined town steeped in the smell of blood, she seemed as out of place as a flower blooming in the wrong season.


"You're in such a hurry. If there's anything Maria can help with, I'll help you, okay?"


The girl tilted her head as she said that.

Her features still held traces of childish innocence. Her eyes were wide and clear, and when she smiled, her cheeks flushed softly red.

Every motion she made overflowed with an innocent childishness.


That manner was so natural that Abelia almost forgot for a moment that this was hellish Area 3.

She found herself at a loss for words.


She had assumed that no one in Area 3 was capable of carrying on a normal conversation.

And yet--

there was no trace of madness in this girl's voice. Even her smile did not seem fabricated.


Still, she could not let her guard down.

Anyone who lived in Area 3 was abnormal by definition.

Without dropping her caution, Abelia answered quietly.

At any rate, it was true that she needed information.


The girl, apparently, was named Maria.

Abelia gave a false name of her own in return and briefly introduced herself, then explained the situation in vague terms.


"...Yeah, well, I'm looking for someone."


"Looking for someone?"


"Yeah. ...An acquaintance of mine disappeared."


"That's awful!"


Maria made a face as if looking at something truly pitiable.

While watching her expression, Abelia continued by describing the people she was searching for, what they looked like, what they wore--especially Felicite.


Maria blinked once, then let out a small cry.


"I think I saw them yesterday!"


"Really!?"


"Yeah. Maria saw her with two men who looked kind of strong!"


"...!!"


Abelia had never expected to get such promising information so quickly.

It was a welcome stroke of luck.


"But... one of them got dragged off somewhere. The other two ran a little west from here!"




--------------------------------------------------




Maria's tone was light.

But what she was saying was not light at all.

Abelia drew a small breath deep in her chest.

At least now there was hope that she could identify their whereabouts.

Even if they were no longer alive, she would have liked to recover even a single memento.


"Could you guide me there? I'll pay you."


The words came out before she could stop them, and Maria tilted her head.

Touching a white fingertip to her cheek, she narrowed her eyes in thought.


"Hmm..."


She seemed to be thinking it over.


"Hey, do you like dolls?"


The question came out of nowhere.

It had nothing at all to do with the conversation.

Maria stopped and looked back up at Abelia.

In the light--like sunset caught underground--only her eyes seemed strangely clear.


"Maria likes playing with dolls. Dressing them in cute clothes, brushing their hair..."


Her delighted voice was innocent as a child's.


"...I do."


For now, Abelia answered that way.

She went along with it.

There was no reason to deny it outright, or so she thought.

But Maria gave a little laugh, and her eyes shone as if she'd found treasure.


"I see. Then I'm sure we'll get along!"


That smile was too innocent.

It still did not match the atmosphere of Area 3 at all.


"You think so...? Well, I'd like to stay friendly with you too, Maria."


"Yep, nice to meet you! Ah, but--don't call me Maria. Call me Maria-chan, okay?"


She said that suddenly and puffed out her cheeks.

The bratty expression looked so natural it was almost unsettling.


"...All right, Maria-chan."


When Abelia called her that, the girl happily narrowed her eyes and answered in an excited voice.


"Mm-hm!"


Maria-chan spun on her heel.

Her footsteps rang out lightly, and her skirt fluttered.


"Okay, follow me! I think I saw them over there!"


With that, Maria took off running, and Abelia hurried after her.

Maria-chan never once looked back. She ran happily onward.

She was moving fast enough that, despite her appearance, she might actually be quite strong.

No--

that was probably exactly why she had survived here.


The people around them stared.

Of course they would. Maria was running through the place openly.

And yet no one attacked.


No one even called out.

They quietly averted their eyes.

They were being obedient.

Was that because they planned to come at them later as a group?


Abelia had a bad feeling.

Not through logic.

As instinct.


And yet--

she could not afford to stop now.

All she could do was follow Maria.


And then--


"Found them! Look, over there!"


At the place Maria-chan pointed, there really was one of the knights who had been with Felicite.

Abelia had met him a few times before. She recognized him.

There was no doubt.

One of the missing companions.


She had found him.

But--

what exactly was this?
