Regingule was, for the time being, technically reinforcement from the Kingdom side. If he laid hands on Gearnote, that would obviously become a diplomatic problem between nations. But Gearnote understood at once that Regingule would do it anyway if he decided none of that mattered. The pressure that pricked at his skin deepened. They were close enough that it would not have been strange if the man attacked with a single breath. Gearnote knew of him as information. A warrior from some battle-hardened tribe in the Kingdom. He thought the word warrior suited him perfectly. The sort of man in whom violence seemed to exist before words ever did, an apostle of brute force. Regingule was not like Hero Liam. What existed in him was faith in strength. He likely possessed the same coldness the Empire did. If he disliked something, he would swing that axe without hesitation and silence it physically. He would probably try to argue with both Cain and Gearnote through violence. Unless the exchange from moments ago turned into an explanation Regingule found acceptable. If he did not like what he heard, there was no telling what he would do even if they answered honestly. In the worst case--no, in the normal case--he might simply kill them.

Why did interruptions always come at times like this?

He had finally been on the verge of creating the ultimate beastfolk.

"Phew..."

After taking one breath, Gearnote switched gears instantly.
Brooding could wait. Excuses came first. He would have to explain that it had all been necessary for treatment. Regingule also seemed likely to have his own peculiar sensibilities. What ordinarily would not work might, perhaps, still work on him.
In any case, he had to appeal from every angle he could: securing fighting power, rationality, urgency.

"The hell are you doing?!"

But before that, Cain moved.
Rolling his shoulders, he strode up to Regingule--
and punched him in the face.

--Caaain!?

Gearnote bit his lip and trembled at Cain's idiocy.

"..."

Naturally, Regingule did not so much as flinch. He was a warrior capable of standing shoulder to shoulder with Hero Liam. Cain was simply too weak. There might even have been a chance that weakness would spare him. Regingule gave Cain one brief glance as if looking at garbage, then turned his eyes away as though he had already lost interest and fixed his gaze back on Gearnote.

"Hey! Don't ignore me! I'm the great hero of foresight, Lord Cain! If you're from the Kingdom, don't tell me you don't know who I am! Bow down! Apologize! Get on your knees! On your knees!"

"Cain, enough of that--provoking him is, you know? Pretty bad!"

"Shut up, Gearnote! More importantly, make this guy cr--"

Cain's words cut off halfway. Regingule's right leg had already finished moving. It had destroyed something precious to Cain. It had struck him squarely in the groin.

"------------kwaase drftgy fujiko lp!!"

A scream that no longer resembled language.

"Woooow..."

Gearnote was quite certain his face had gone stiff.

"Ha! Ha!... uuugh!"

Cain writhed in agony, foaming at the mouth, and then gradually fell quiet. He was no longer in any condition to talk.
Well, that was fine. Cain's only important part was his head. The rest had no value. Gearnote did have some curiosity about whether children carrying Cain's blood would be able to see the future the way he could... but Cain had been living such a rotten life that there were probably already a few of them somewhere. If so, then there was no more need for Cain's reproductive ability.

"Ah... aaah... u-ugh..."

Still, the sight of him shedding tears and prostrating himself on the floor looked exactly like what he had been ordering a moment ago. Regingule no longer even looked at Cain. To him, the man apparently was not worth a second glance. They said a dog calmed down after it was neutered. If Cain became easier to handle after this, so much the better.

Thinking that, Gearnote was just about to begin explaining himself to Regingule--
when it happened.

"What now?!"

The hull lurched violently.
An explosive sort of shock. It had come from inside. And worse, from the direction Gearnote had been about to head anyway--the chamber where Hero Liam was being modified.

As for what could cause that--
was this one of those cases where the black dragon had, after all, still been alive?

"...No, the black dragon was definitely a corpse..."

The words slipped out before he could stop them. They had checked carefully to make sure it was dead. If so, then it was not the black dragon?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The shaking continued. It was a tremendous violent rocking. The floor bounced. The walls screamed. The entire airship let out a groan. Then, whether the ship had tilted or was beginning to fall, the floor itself was no longer level but slanted.

Cain rolled around pathetically, making shrill noises as he tumbled over and over. Gearnote had no choice but to catch up to him, grab him, wrap an arm around a nearby pillar, and grit his teeth as he endured it. His vision shook, and a cold sweat ran down his back at the sensation of his organs lifting inside him.

Regingule alone was different. With a core strength beyond belief, he did not sway in the slightest. His feet seemed sewn to the floor, and even the posture with which he held his axe never broke. He was a monster enough already. But Gearnote could tell that the monster's gaze had shifted away from him and toward this abnormal situation itself.

"...I'll explain later! For now, shouldn't we look into what's causing this shaking?!"

Calling out through the rocking, Gearnote got no reply. Regingule simply started walking toward the source of the impact. The shaking eased a little, and a beastfolk soldier arrived, so Gearnote handed Cain over, ordered the man to be treated with healing magic, and instructed him to prepare for a full retreat of all forces. Then Gearnote hurried after Regingule.

Treatment, of course, would maybe manage no more than stopping the bleeding from the crushed area. It would be impossible to restore Cain's Cain.

Gearnote moved as fast as he could, but the difference between him and Regingule was obvious. One was a warrior advancing over the shaking floor as though it meant nothing, the other a researcher stumbling forward with a hand on the equipment. Regingule had started ahead of him too. The gap only widened, until his back vanished from sight.

Even so, Gearnote kept going. Regingule was nowhere to be seen, but instead he ran into a group of fleeing researchers. They came racing back down the corridor, their faces pale. They were the people he had left in charge of monitoring Liam's modification.

"The black dragon?!"

When he asked, the researchers nodded for an instant, only to immediately shift into reactions too uncertain to name.

"Lord Gearnote, please run! The black dragon is the cause if you want to call it that, but the one rampaging right now is--!"

The black dragon had not revived, but it was certainly related. Just as he was about to demand a clearer answer, another tremendous shock ran through the ship. This was the sound of battle. Because it was so close, the researchers were thrown away by the impact and the shaking. Fine. At this point it would be faster to see it with his own eyes. He could already more or less guess. He let the researchers, who looked desperate to flee, go on. At the same time he told them one after another to run. They were in such a panic, however, that he was not sure they understood him properly. Still, there was no time to explain things carefully.

"What rotten luck...!"

And, as expected, the place he reached was--
the chamber where Hero Liam had been undergoing modification.

Regingule was already inside. He looked utterly battered, as though he had taken a severe beating.

"...So you turned him into some sort of Imperial beastfolk. But why is he rampaging?"

Perhaps he had sensed Gearnote's presence, because Regingule asked the question without turning around. Gearnote followed his gaze and saw it too.

Corruption.
The man who had once been a hero stood there, being eaten away by the very concept of a dragon.

What stood there could only be called a dragonkin.
The dragon wings growing from his back were grotesquely connected to his body as though added afterward, writhing like something crudely sewn on by force. Black dragon scales had spread around his left eye, changing the very outline of his face. In place of the arm he had lost, something like a dragon's arm had been attached. It was entirely covered in black scales, the fingertips turned to claws, barely retaining the shape of a human hand.

It was beyond what Gearnote had expected. Far too removed from humanity. Even as beastfolk, one did not normally drift this far toward the beast side. This was a failed creation that had come too close to becoming a dragon.

He remembered the soldier they had once tried to turn into a beastfolk using only a tiny piece of Digitalis the Wolfblight, only to wind up with a madman made more feral than before.

Beelzebub the Balefly had always been strongest as a swarm. The individual body was weak, which was why the result had retained so much of the human element and become a "human-faced fly."

Dromugant the Shellfiend. Hellslime Neclus. And Digitalis the Wolfblight.

Those individuals specialized in one-on-one combat strength had, when turned into synthetic beasts, settled with only a moderate amount of humanity left in them, while the traits of the original specimen had remained dominant.

He had known it was a risk, but for it to fail here. He had believed Hero Liam would be able to withstand it...
and yet it seemed the insurance he had intended to create had turned into an enemy instead.
