Hero Liam side

Liam no longer knew how much time had passed. Hours, days--no, perhaps not even a few minutes had truly gone by and it only felt that way. His consciousness was vague, bleeding out like ink dissolved in water.

Liam was flying through the sky. More than flapping his wings, his body was simply doing so without any thought intervening, as though it were the most natural movement in the world. He could feel the wind splitting around him. Humans could not fly. And yet, in defiance of that obvious fact, he was flying.

Was he asleep? Perhaps this was a dream. But if he was asleep, the sensations were far too vivid. Yet it was hard to call himself awake either.

Something about his body felt strange. Not that he felt sick. If anything, an indescribable amount of power was overflowing through him. There was something on his leg. Clinging to it. Annoying. It was in the way--he was just about to shake it off when, at the last instant, his thoughts dragged themselves back.

Regingule. An ally. On his side. He must not drop him.

This time too, he had somehow managed to remember.

The fact that he had forgotten an ally sent a dull pain through his chest. How many times had it been already? The moment he let his guard down, his own body tried to do unbelievable things. Little by little, words were leaving him. Regingule had been calling out something to him, but as time passed, Liam found himself less and less able to answer. The act of speaking felt strangely distant. More than opening his mouth, more than making sounds in his throat, more than shouting--

he wanted to rampage.

That was it. He wanted to rampage. Slam his wings down, rip open the sky, drive his fists into something and smash it to pieces. The urge swelled up like a wave. His reason dug in its claws and shoved it back.

No. Not now.

He should focus only on flying. Rampaging was no good. If it came to that, then it would be better to just keep flying through the sky without going anywhere in particular. No, the battle with the Four Heavenly Kings was happening now, so he could not just play around in the sky... or so it felt like he ought to think. Why could he not play?

Why had he wanted to fight the Four Heavenly Kings in the first place? He could no longer remember the reason. Power kept welling up.

Heat flowed through the insides of his veins, and his bones creaked. With this power, he could crush mountains. Flatten cities. Wipe out living things in droves.

Destruction. Destruction. Destruction. Destruction. Destruction. Destruction. Destructiondestructiondestructiondestructiondestructiondestruction. Destruction. Destructiondestructiondestructiondestructiondestructiondestructiondestruction.

Words like that echoed through his mind. It felt as though his heart were being dyed over. Trample everything. Crush everything underfoot. Stand at the top of the living world. Thoughts like that rose within him as though they were only natural.

Of course he wanted to fight the Four Heavenly Kings. He wanted to defeat the mighty Four Heavenly Kings and prove his strength.

Liam ground his teeth hard enough to break them.

Again. This was a truly terrible tendency. Why? Why would he want something like that? What came of standing at the top? What was there?

No answer came. He could not understand. Why had he started thinking like this? What was he supposed to do? He did not know. The impulses only continued to swell.

He did think of a temporary solution.

Remember.

The scenery of home. The smell of dirt. Voices calling Liam's name. Memories of being scolded. Memories of laughing.

Then the faces of the companions he had met later. Their conversations. The foolish jokes before battle. Eating together in peace.

He repeated those things over and over and over.

So he would not forget.

So he would not be swallowed.

Lastly, the black dragon's form came to mind. The moment its counterattacking claws tore through his flesh. The pain, and the sensation of his vision turning red, came back to him.

There were too many things he did not understand. Maybe it was already hopeless. Even so.

Even while soaked in this urge to destroy, while carrying an impulse that bared its fangs, he at least understood what he must not forget. If he was completely swallowed by this urge, something bad would happen. He was certain of that.

Connections. Liam kept remembering them, desperately, inside his crumbling consciousness.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Someone said, "Put me down."

Liam's sense of self, which had become so muddled he barely understood what was what and was thinking only of trampling living things and making them know his power, snapped back at those words.

Nothing was wrong.

Everything was wrong.

He wanted the human clinging to him to stop worrying already, so he punched him away to tell him so.

He was trying to show how strong he was, but when he saw the warrior fly back coughing blood, somehow it made him sad. But that was fine. He was winning. The prey had let its guard down.

His thoughts spun in circles.

How to kill.

Must not kill.

Apparently.

In what way.

How to prove this power.

He wanted to stop.

He wanted to tear him apart.

His thoughts spun in circles.

Liam was a dragon.

No, beyond a dragon.

Alien thoughts sheltered the human, defeat the Demon King, but protect humans, and destroy.

"You look terrible."

Bleeding, the prey--Regingule--was smiling as though he were happy.

Incomprehensible.

Tragic.

Chance to win.

No.

Unhappy.

Happy.

This was bad.

He could not understand.

No voice came out.

Liam wanted to help.

Punch. Kick. Prove.

That kind of proof.

"Hahahaha...!! A man feels better after a good fight!! And you're living by instinct a lot more than usual too!! Then fight!! I'll be your opponent right here!!"

He was saying something.

Meaning, unclear.

Confusion.

There was no time.

Regingule did not have much left.

Liam would kill him.

Power welled up.

Strong.

Liam was strong.

The meaning was--

to kill.

No, not that.

To help.

Help.

Protect.

"Guh!?"

Regingule.

Blown away, collapsing.

"...Is that the end? I don't know if you can hear me, but don't worry about killing me. We fought fair. It's not as though you slaughtered an unresisting human."

Regingule opened his mouth. He was still talking. Still alive.

The dragon's left arm moved to finish him off--

and his right hand suddenly seized it hard.

He gasped.

This was irreversible.

Something he must not do.

What had he been doing?

His vision suddenly cleared with startling sharpness.

"So you beat the dragon's instincts. Feeling a little better after that fight?"

Regingule grinned at him. He had nearly been killed, and yet his spirit remained absurdly tough.

"...It was a nightmare."

It felt as though he had spoken words for the first time in ages.

It truly had been a nightmare.

He had somehow returned to himself, but even now murderous urges, the desire to destroy, and grotesque impulses the likes of which he had never known before kept welling up inside him. It was revolting.

But it could not end here. Least of all did he want to kill an ally.

And besides, the people had called him a hero and placed their hopes in him. Then he had to bear the responsibility that came with that.

Until he saw that through, he had to endure.

No--

if he would not endure for that, then what would he endure for?
