The Demons in the Empire Struggle (2)







"Help..."

"Stop... please, stop already...!"

"U-uaaaarghhh!"


They were screams sharp enough to tear the ears.

Screams from demons.

Ironically, Valmar knew those sounds.

When demons attacked human cities, humans screamed like that.

But he had never imagined demons would be made to suffer the same fate.


"What is this... I don't know...! Something like this... I..."


It was already too late.

After defeating ten human-faced flies and stepping back outside, Valmar was met with hell.

Sensing danger, he immediately rushed to a wagon that had been left nearby. It was piled high with dry hay.

Making as little noise as possible, he slipped into it.

The smell of the straw stabbed at his nose, but he had no room to care.

He covered his entire body with hay and peered out through a narrow gap.


And then he saw it.

Saw the sort of one-sided slaughter that could freeze the blood by sight alone.


Blood, tears, and screams all mixed together.

From all over the city came similar voices.

Crying for help, sobbing, groaning, calling someone's name.


Was this really the same city they had invaded?

That was how transformed it had become.

At first, Valmar thought the dark mass in the air was dust.

But it was not.

It was moving.


He had defeated ten of them.

Only ten.

He had breathed hard, savoring the feeling of victory. Even if there were a hundred more, there were demon generals besides himself. They would manage somehow.

That had been the mistake.

The whole mistake.


He had been looked down upon.

Thousands of human-faced flies covered the sky.

There were also vast numbers of them on the ground.

Taken together, they might number ten thousand.


"What... is this..."


Valmar muttered it in a pitiful voice stripped bare of confidence, a voice so pathetic it scarcely sounded like his own.


Then at the edge of his vision he saw two allies, a male and a female demon, sprawled on the ground and desperately crawling.

They stretched out their arms and clawed at the dirt, but their fingertips shook weakly.

Because countless human-faced flies had surrounded them.


Holding his breath, he watched the swarm.

The air trembled with the buzzing of wings, and the writhing mass descended.

The human-faced flies covered the pair so completely that the male and female demons vanished from sight.


"Gzzkrr... skrr..."


"Aaaaaaahhh!!?"


The screams of his comrades split the air.


Looking closely, he saw the human-faced flies thrusting their heads in and making their abdomens quiver as if pushing something inside.

An unnatural stench rose.

And after they were done,

the sound of ripping and chewing followed.

Then the swarm took flight all at once.


The two comrades left behind where the flies had fed were no longer moving.

And yet despite the fact that so much of their flesh had been eaten, their bodies looked swollen. No, bloated.

Valmar could not tell whether they were alive or dead.


The traces left behind by the human-faced flies remained.

From the wounds in his comrades' bodies, cloudy eggs oozed out in thick streams, mixing with the blood and foaming.

For insects, they were unusually large eggs.

They had been implanted.

To the human-faced flies, demons were nothing more than living breeding beds.


The world reeled around him.

Even now, something was moving beneath their skin.

Thin lines bulged up and pulsed like veins.


This was how more human-faced flies were born.

They killed demons, fed on them, and planted the next generation inside them.

At that realization, Valmar felt nothing but fear.

Their habits, their appearance, all of it was an affront to nature.


"Disgusting. Disgusting. Disgusting. Disgusting...!!"


He muttered the words over and over in a low voice.

He could not stop himself from saying them aloud.


Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...

Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...

Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...


Then he heard the wings.

Approaching the wagon where he hid.


"Gzrrk... hnnn..."


"N-no... uaaaarghhh!!"


The human-faced flies were saying something.

But he could not understand it.

Unable to stay there another second, he kicked through the hay and bolted from the wagon.

He ran so fast that he felt certain this was the fastest he had ever moved in his life.

If he stayed hidden and let himself be cornered, he would die eventually.

And then Valmar too would be toyed with and implanted with eggs.


That was absolutely unacceptable.

If he could just get outside the city, maybe he could still do something.

Clinging to that hope, he ran.


Throughout the city, screams ran together with death cries and cheers.

The surviving humans were raising frenzied shouts of triumph. Faces twisted, blood spilling from their mouths, they still thrust their fists high and cried out, "Long live the Empire!"


Valmar caught his breath.

These were humans?

Those weak creatures who, as living beings, were inferior to demonkind?

By pure ability, they should have been weak.

And yet why?


They felt just as terrifying as the human-faced flies.

Their madness alone was enough to crush the spirit.


At the corner of a street, a bleeding man groaned, while beside him a half-dead woman applauded at the sight. Others shouted proudly.


"Long live the Empire! Humanity has taken another step toward victory!"


Humanity's victory.

Until now, Valmar would have laughed at such words through his nose.

But now he couldn't.

What could he possibly accomplish if he escaped this place alive?

The hand gripping his sword shook, and no answer came.

Only one thing was certain:

he could never simply accept this scene.

Valmar ran without looking back.


The law of the jungle.

By some means, humanity had created monsters called human-faced flies and was using them to fight back.

They were not prey.

They were enemies.




--------------------------------------------------




"Hah... hah... guh!"


Today had been a very lucky day.

By great fortune, Valmar had somehow managed to make it outside.

The only reason he had escaped was thanks to luck and the weakness of the human-faced flies. The swarm had pursued him, but there had been no sign of intelligence in the way they moved, no attempts to circle around and trap him.


There were still other strange points.

The human-faced flies attacked demons inside the city, but the moment Valmar stepped even a single pace beyond the city limits, they stopped pursuing him.

That was a major discovery.

If used properly, it meant that even if he encountered the human-faced flies again, there might be ways to deal with them.


Though still gasping for breath, Valmar kept running farther from the city.

He had to report this information--

to Kaeruleum, one of the Four Heavenly Kings, or to Rubrum Nox.

Even if they somehow dealt with that swarm of human-faced flies, there was still a problem beyond all help.


That thing high above Aibelk.

Far beyond the sky, beyond even the clouds, something was there.


At first he had thought it was a shadow.

But shadows moved.

This thing did not.

It simply was.


As the clouds broke, Valmar half-opened his eyes and looked at it again. He did not want to look at it directly.

It was even more revolting than the human-faced flies.


A human-faced fly many times larger than the others.

Upon its head were packed together human faces that wept tears of blood without end.

He could not understand most of the words, but every so often he could hear shrieks like "Kieeeee!"

What in the world was that thing?


"That..."


Instinct screamed within him.

It could not be beaten.

The very idea of fighting it was meaningless.


"It's a monster."


The pride of a demon general, his reason, everything inside him was freezing solid.

That sensation echoing in the back of his mind--

the pressure prey feels when a predator fixes its gaze upon it.

That was the king of the human-faced flies.

Or perhaps their queen, the one giving birth to them.

The apex of the species.


"What is wrong with you humans...!"


Valmar growled.

How had humans made such a monster into an ally?

What had they sacrificed?

How many taboos had they crossed?


"Damn it... damn it, damn it!"


He clenched his fist as he shouted.

But his anger only scattered away into emptiness.


"Um... where should we go...?"


He had more than enough on his mind already, but when someone called out to him, Valmar turned and glared at the demon who had spoken.


That was right.

Valmar was not the only fortunate one.

The gap in strength had been hopeless.

The swarm of human-faced flies alone would have wiped them out if they had tried to fight properly.


And yet, despite that--

ten demons had survived.

Three demon generals and seven ordinary soldiers had escaped outside.

A clean ten in all.


"...Save us..."


Someone was even muttering a prayer, almost as if begging the queen of the human-faced flies for mercy.

For now, north.

There were still surviving troops to the north, and in the worst case, they could even consider withdrawing from the Filigran Continent altogether.
