Episode 125: Humans Fighting Humans (1)








The days of training went on with no particular change.

Our lives had not really changed either.

It wasn't as though some hidden talent inside me suddenly blossomed and awakened and my technique skyrocketed or anything like that. I was really just inching forward little by little through steady effort.


On the other hand...

there was never any shortage of news about Liam, who was steadily becoming recognized across the country as a hero. Enough information reached even my ears.


It seemed Regingule, Edelweiss, and the others had joined up with him, and that only made his achievements even greater.

And thanks to one of those achievements, even human everyday life had started to change.

Apparently, they had investigated the unexplored depths beneath the Koshumar Great Mine and, deep inside, had actually made contact with a nation built by the descendants of what had once been the Dwarf Kingdom.


Because they had formed a cooperative relationship with the dwarves, finely crafted dwarf-made weapons and armor had started circulating.

I had no idea what sort of negotiations or mutual benefits had led to it, or what was done in the name of preventing destruction, but still--

that really was heroic.


On top of that, Liam and the others had gone on wiping out demons at the front lines, and now, apparently, the situation had tilted sharply in humanity's favor.

There were no more Four Heavenly Kings left on the Kingdom side, true, but even so, it was impressive.


I was remembering all that talk of heroes.

People discovering a kingdom in the depths of the earth, working together across the walls of race, and staking their lives against the demons.

There had to be a magnificent humanistic drama unfolding there.


And then there was me.


"You scammer. There's a limit to how far you can screw around."


Those were the words coming out of my mouth as I threw myself into a petty conflict between humans.

Today, Lumiela and I had been shopping in Area 1 of the Koshumar Great Mine.

While looking for bargains, I had also tried to get an accessory with a jewel in it--some kind of protective charm?--that a demon general I'd dealt with yesterday had treasured, appraised and sold.

And we had been subjected to theft...

or rather, fraud.

Not the kind where someone picked our pocket while walking by.


To put it plainly, after the appraisal they told me that the gem-like stone set in the accessory might not actually have any value and quoted me an amount that was basically a rip-off price.

Well, that in itself would have been fine.

An accessory that had belonged to a demon might very well have had no value after all.


The real problem was that from the back room, where they'd taken it to "appraise" it, I had heard:

"This gem...!"

"Swap it with a similar fake!"


That was the issue.

The shop had planned to remove the valuable stone, replace it with a worthless look-alike, and then come back and lie that the gem had been fake all along.

How irritating.


"I have no idea what you're talking about. This gem isn't worth much to begin with. Besides, we pride ourselves on doing clean business. That's a terrible accusation."


The shopkeeper kept playing dumb.

He had no intention of admitting anything.

Behind me, two clerks quietly stood up as if to block the entrance.

Wordless, but unmistakably threatening.


...It was ridiculous.

Pathetic.

Ironic too.

While Liam and his companions--heroes--were out there saving the world, here I was arguing with bargain-bin swindlers.


Was living just something that meant accepting that sort of contradiction?


'This is awful...'


'Yeah. A waste of time... maybe.'


Lumiela was looking at the shopkeeper with an exasperated gaze.

He couldn't tell, of course, because she was invisible.

I was almost ready to give up and leave too.

It no longer even felt worth spending the time to argue. At most, this had been about increasing my money a bit while I was here.

It made me angry, but the effort of the argument itself was starting to feel wasteful.


"Fine. Whatever."


I let out a heartfelt sigh.

At that, the shopkeeper smirked for an instant and pulled out a ledger from the back of the store.


"Then we'll purchase it at that price."


"........"


Let's just get out of here.

And never come back.

That was what I had been thinking when it happened.


The clerks in the back, who had been watching the exchange, were laughing.

I heard them whispering things like:

"Customers who give up are easy to handle,"

and

"He'll make a great mark. Let's tell the other buyers what he looks like too."


Was this how I ended up on some kind of blacklist...?

No.

A sucker list.




--------------------------------------------------




Up until now, I would have stayed quiet to avoid trouble.

Trouble was more annoying than losing money.

But this time was different.

The words I had overheard stuck in my chest like needles.

And what I stood to lose wasn't just money.

This kind of thing could keep happening from now on.


Yes--

I couldn't afford to be looked down on.


'Lumiela... looks like they've taken me for a sucker and put me on some kind of mark list. I'm going to force my way into the back and take the gem back. If they're serious about this, I might just rampage. What do you think?'


'Oh? You're full of spirit today. ...Did training frustrations pile up or something? Still, if it's something that needs doing, then better to do it, so I agree. Ah, but if you go too far, maybe other shops will refuse to buy from us later... hmm, what do you think...?'


'Yeah, if I go too wild, maybe they'll ban me from their stores. But... that still might be better than getting treated like a mark from now on.'


'It's difficult. ...Still, I think being looked down on here would be the bigger loss overall.'


I ended the telepathic exchange with Lumiela.

Once we'd talked it through, my mind was made up.


I looked at the shopkeeper.

He had a face that seemed to say he was looking down on me, that he'd gotten one over on me.

The very way he tried to talk his way out of it made me even more irritated.


"No. I've changed my mind. Give me back the gem from the accessory I brought in."


"...Customer, you're being persistent. This matter is already settled. So now--"


"Don't lie to me!"


I slammed my fist down on the counter.

The counter shattered beneath it.

In an instant, the atmosphere inside the shop went taut.


"...Are you threatening us?"


"You stole from me and think you can pretend otherwise?"


The shopkeeper shrugged and laughed.


"Kukuku. You'd do better to stop. Yes, we know you've been killing demon generals. But the guards employed by this store are formidable as well. We've hired mercenaries who've killed demon generals themselves. This will not end painlessly for you."


The shopkeeper glared at me.


"Don't care."


With that, and without giving anyone a chance to object, I stepped into the shop. Out of the corner of my eye, I confirmed that Lumiela was floating nearby.


I pushed through the noren curtain and forced my way deeper inside.


Behind me, I heard a tongue click and someone order another person to be called.


There was a high chance this was turning into a fight.

Just because someone hits you doesn't mean you should hit back.

If you answer violence with violence, then you lose.

That kind of common sense from my previous life flashed across my mind.


...But this world wasn't like that.

Eat or be eaten.

There was no room for pretty ideals.


I had to make an example of them here.

Not demons this time--

humans.

I didn't want to waste time dragging out something this stupid.

If it could be solved with violence, then maybe it should be.


The me from before would probably have given up and gone home, deciding there was no reason to go that far.

But now there was.

This wasn't just about recovering money.

It was about showing a cost severe enough to keep them from trying this again next time.

A cold resolve settled in my throat.

Adapt to the land you live in.

The world was full of malice, and the only way to oppose malice was with malice.

I was not the kind of hero who could stay close to people and reform them.

...If they were human, I didn't want to be kind to them anyway.


So what was I going to do?

The answer was obvious.

If words didn't work, then even against humans, all that remained was violence.


Humans were animals too.

This would be a lesson.

A deterrent.

Make an example of them and force the next people who might try the same thing to hesitate.

And when it was over, things would sink back into the mud and peace would return as if nothing had happened.


Yes, I needed coldness.

I had decided that in order to defeat the Demon King, I would strip away everything unnecessary without mercy.


If humans became enemies, then they were unnecessary too.

No--

I would classify them that way.

Even committing violence would be treated as a necessary expense.

If I stayed bound by morality, I would never make it through.

That was the path to survival.
