Omen of Great War (1)



Abelia's Side






"...I see. Thank you for the detailed report. I can hardly express how tragic it is about Felicite and the others... Abelia--please, get some proper rest today."


"Yes, ma'am..."


The voice was gentle, full of concern.

And yet beneath it, Abelia felt there was pain being forcibly held down.

She found herself thinking that Princess Ceras must regret having sent her into Area 3.

Ceras gently touched Abelia's shoulder and let out a deep breath.


By the hands of someone in Area 3, Felicite had been turned into one more among countless grotesque earthen dolls.

Those three companions were gone now.

Just recently, they had still been chatting together.

The hole it left in her chest sat there like a dark nest and would not leave.


The arm recovered from one of the earthen dolls in Area 3 had already been handed over to a researcher of earth magic.

Abelia had even heard the results on the spot.

It was cruel.

And she had not wanted to understand it.

One could activate earth magic inside a human body and from there give birth to a golem. Blood and dirt mixed, became red-black mud, and entered dead flesh to take shape. The skin still retained the form of a human, but the inside had become something else entirely.

A bag of flesh with no warmth and no pulse.

A lump of earth in human shape, walking around with an emotionless smile.


Why would anyone do such a thing?

Abelia understood that it was possible as a technique.

But theory and execution were different.

The fact that there truly existed someone willing to do it lay completely outside all human reason.

The dead were being desecrated.

Lives were being mixed together like materials, rearranged, made to move.

It was enough to make her sick.

What meaning could there possibly be in degrading corpses to that extent?


Abelia could not understand it.

She could not understand the intentions of someone who would do something like this.


Perhaps that was why it was called madness.


"...Area 3 is dangerous."


Without quite meaning to, Abelia had muttered that before leaving Ceras's presence.

She startled herself and was about to turn back and say, "It's nothing"--

but then she saw Ceras lowering her gaze.

There was a shadow in her eyes.

It was obvious she bore the same pain.


"I know. Why... why, when we are all humans, would anyone do something so terrible? I cannot believe Felicite and the others did anything to deserve this...!"


Abelia froze where she stood, simply staring at Ceras as the princess gripped her own chest as though trying to suppress a tremor.


Silence fell between them.


At heart, people did not fundamentally cherish all others equally.

Abelia knew that.

She was grieving Felicite's death so deeply that it felt as though her chest were being torn apart.

And yet if she heard that one of the knights who had accompanied Felicite--a man whose name she might barely even have remembered--had died, that pain would feel distant and blurred.


It was the same principle when killing bandits or humans under orders.

She switched her perspective.

If she looked at them as individuals, reason would try to smother guilt before it could fully form.

But if a cause was given, if orders were issued, if it was judged necessary, then Abelia could even slaughter the residents of Area 3 without hesitation.


For just a moment, she felt she understood a little.

Perhaps the one making those masses of earthen dolls was able to do it because the victims were not people precious to them.




--------------------------------------------------




"What has become clear this time is unforgivable. The culprit will be punished as a mass murderer the moment we find them. There is also the matter of avenging Felicite and the others. We absolutely will not leave this unattended. So please, Abelia, rest easy."


Ceras's tone was calm, but there was an iron resolve at the bottom of it.

Abelia could feel her will not to forgive evil.

The people of Area 3 probably would not obey orders, but they were a fighting force of sorts, one that sometimes even happened to kill demon generals on the whim of madness. Rationally speaking, they were not a resource the Kingdom ought to reduce too much through punishment.


There really were all kinds of humans in the world.

Some who would be better off dead.

Abelia looked at Ceras's face once more.

Perhaps Ceras truly believed that strong and kind people like Hero Liam were the sort of force most worth having.

Perhaps she had hoped there might be more such people to uncover.


But that was asking too much.

Hero Liam was perfect.

He saved the people, protected soldiers, and reached out to the weak.


But not everyone could become Hero Liam.

Abelia couldn't.

Neither in strength nor in heart.

Even someone like the masked man Jane, who had once saved Ceras and Abelia, probably couldn't become that sort of person, even if he had strength.

Now and then rumors about Jane reached her ears.

Apparently he handed recommendation letters to ordinary people complaining just to mess with them, and he was always causing rough trouble too.


Abelia thought it was about time to excuse herself from the room.

Maybe she was only so sentimental because her companion had died.

This was the sort of thing one ought to continue alone in one's room.

Besides, the exhaustion pressing on both body and mind was so heavy that if she didn't rest, she felt she might collapse.


She meant to bow and withdraw to her room.

But suddenly Ceras's profile entered the edge of her vision, and Abelia's feet stopped as if nailed to the floor.


A shadow had crossed Ceras's face.

So deep a shadow that even in the light, the color of her expression could no longer be read.

Looking to her hands, Abelia saw those slender fingers trembling faintly.


There was fear in that face.

And anxiety.

And sorrow.

And also something like anger.


Abelia held her breath.

It felt as if something important was hiding inside Ceras's silence.


It was not unusual for Ceras to be busy and suffering under all she had to carry.

Abelia believed she had some rough sense of the weight of the role Ceras bore.


Abelia swallowed.


"...Um... while I was in Area 3, did something happen?"


For an instant, Ceras lowered her eyes.

Then her lips moved ever so slightly, as if she were thinking over whether or not she should say it.


Ceras's eyes slowly caught Abelia's.

The brief pause felt long.


"Get some rest for now, Abelia. ...This is likely too heavy a matter to tell you in your current state."


"...Um... this is probably about fighting, right? If so, then I'd rather hear it sooner. I want to swallow it down while I'm still on leave... I want time to steel myself."


When Abelia finished, Ceras drew in a small breath and fell silent.

Her face said she was searching for the right words--

hesitating, wavering, and yet burdened with a reality that had to be spoken.


Then, keeping her head lowered, she murmured with a small exhale:


"...A great battle will soon begin."
